Support ACME protocol v2 and set it as default. (#20)
mprahl/ansible-role-lets-encrypt-route-53: README.md

* **ler53_account_key_dir** - the path to the directory to store the Let's Encrypt account key. This defaults to `/etc/ssl/lets_encrypt`.
* **ler53_account_key_file_name** - the file name of the Let's Encrypt account key. This defaults to `lets_encrypt_account.key`.
* **ler53_cert_remaining_days_before_renewal** - the minimum number of days left of the current certificate being valid until it is renewed. This defaults to `10`.
* **ler53_new_cert_when_csr_changes** - delete the existing certificate when the CSR changes. This is useful
when you change the common name or SANs on your certificate and you'd like to generate a new certificate
without waiting for it to expire. This defaults to `false`.
* **ler53_cert_extended_key_usages** - Additional restrictions (e.g. client authentication, server authentication) on the allowed purposes for which the public key may be used.
* **ler53_service_handlers** - A list of dictionaries describing service handlers to run when a certificate is updated in the format of `{'name': 'httpd', 'state': 'restarted'}`.

> * **ler53_acme_directory** - The ACME directory to use. This is the entry point URL to access CA server API. Defaults to the LetsEncrypt production stage `https://acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/directory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **ler53_acme_directory** - The ACME directory to use. This defaults to `https://acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/directory`. This can be useful to override if you'd like to test this role against the stage Let's Encrypt instance.
```
